added new troubleshooting topic for search databases (#6431)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: troubleshooting/trouble_search_database.adoc

[#troubleshooting-search-database]
= Troubleshooting search database

> If you are missing clusters from application topology, but your clusters are actually active, the issue might be that the cluster nodes are not found in the search database. 

Reviewer: If search or the application topology are missing clusters, it could be that the search data got out of sync.

> If you are missing clusters from application topology, but your clusters are actually active, the issue might be that the cluster nodes are not found in the search database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If search or the application topology are missing clusters, it could be that the search data got out of sync.
```

Reviewer 2: To have active tone, let's say "If search or the application topology are missing clusters, it might be that the search data is out of sync." @jc-berger thoughts??

To workaround this issue, complete the following steps:

. Restart the `search-indexer` pod in `open-cluster-management` namespace. 

> . Go to your application page, select your application, then switch to the *Topology* view. 

Reviewer 2: Application should italicized and i would separate the task
```suggestion
. Go to the  _Application_ page, select your application. 
. To verify that the cluster is displayed,  switch to the *Topology* view. 
```

> . Go to your application page, select your application, then switch to the *Topology* view. 

Reviewer: - Go to the search page and search for kind:Cluster.
- Verify the list of clusters matches your managed clusters.

> . Verify that the clusters are there. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

[#troubleshooting-search-database]
= Troubleshooting search database

> If your application topology has missing clusters, but your clusters are actually active, the issue might be that the cluster nodes are not found in the search database. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are missing clusters from application topology, but your clusters are actually active, the issue might be that the cluster nodes are not found in the search database. 
```

To workaround this issue, complete the following steps:

> . Restart the indexer pod. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Restart the search-indexer pod in open-cluster-management namespace. 
```

> . Restart the search-indexer pod in open-cluster-management namespace. 

Reviewer 2: How does the user restart the pod? Is it an action from the console or do they need to run a command? 
```suggestion
. Restart the `search-indexer` pod in `open-cluster-management` namespace. 
```

Reviewer: User will delete the existing search-indexer pod, so that it automatically restarts.

> . Go to your application topology and verify that the clusters are there. 

Reviewer 2: How do they navigate to the Topology page? I believe they select the Application tap or they can simply select the app name. @SherinV will you help verify

Reviewer: User will go to the application page, select an application and switch to Topology view.
